Starting:
  Installed pybullet. tried to understand the joint systems.
  learned about inverse kinematics, just the basic intuition
  first moved the robotic arm to 1 new position at the time
  then tried moving it sequentially to 3 positions, usually just adding a minus to the previous ones
  found out about the limits and that such big movements get the robot stuck with itself
  next implemented a slider to get the robot under control
  placed a cube and then wrote a script for the robo arm to pick it up
  managed to get the arm on top of the cube, though had issues with robot getting stuck with itself
  closed the gripper and got the robot to a new coordinate but the arm went flying
  adjusted this by increasing the force of the gripper and also dividing the arm motion into
  first going up and then moving to the new location, slowing everything down
  then placed a tray. new objective, get the cube into the tray
  got everything done, but the script was not very reliable, sometimes it did not work

Classes:
  Started making classes for objects, mostly copying code from my existing script
  Made new classes for cube and tray, self sufficient and holding important information
  Got the classes implementation to run, but the errors i faced above were much more frequent here
  I got to learn how torque and gravity work here and how the force variable actually limits the joints
  increased the force of one major joint and now the robot got much closer. but still not perfect
  i realized that at one point, the robot gave the function its next desired coordinate
  that was the coordinate of the cube. the new joint angles came out from the IK, and the robot committed
  to it till the end. and thus got stuck at some point in between
  so i instead got it to go to a middle point, and then recalculate the joint angles from IK
  this way, it never got stuck and my script became 100% reliable

Environment Design:
  basic structure was there from the classes. I just had to gymnasium-code it
  first read gymnasium custom environment documentation
  then started implementing the __init__, reset and step function
  also made helper functions. Got separation of tasks
  made the action space and observation space. Also wrote terminated condition which is a BIT flawed currently
  then changed the runner script to how gymnasium environments actually run
  the robot is right now a dumb thing that just moves randomly, as it is sampling the action space
  i changed the action space to make it more probable get to the cube, just experimenting.
  it did get close but at times got stuck. So i found out that i haven't yet introduced limits

Reward Design:
  First broke down the task into smaller tasks. Then designed a reward function for each subtask
  Getting to the cube, grasping it, lifting it up, getting above the tray, coming down, placing the cube in the tray
  Getting to the cube involved rewarding progress made in the direction of the cube.
  Grasp simply rewarded 1 if the robot grasped the cube, else 0
  Lift checked if robot is gripping the cube, and if the new height of the cube is higher than its previous height. It returned height difference
  But it returned 0 when the height reached 0.6, with the idea being that the robot should not continue going on to the ceiling and going higher
  I didn't punish it for that because then it would not come down at all later, which is crucial for descent
  Approach tray reward just rewarded getting closer to the tray
  Lower into tray reward meant that the cube is in the air right above the tray, and we just need to descent it. It rewarded decrease in height. 
  And it also rewarded staying centred with respect to the tray. It punished opening the gripper

Training Loops:
  Designed the training loops. First found out the rewards to approach were too low so the policy didnt make 
  any bold moves. increased it and now the policy reached floor and never escaped from there
  Then I added a penalty for being too close to floor and now arm found something else to violate. In the air
  The actor now fears descending. It learned that descending hurts it because of stiff penalty so now its 
  not worth the risk. Reduced gamma a bit and halfed alpha. Now atleast the agent is not settling for mediocre.
  The cube stopped above the cube because it thought that descending is worse than staying. Now we are giving
  it a one time reward when it comes into graspable height. 
  Removing the entropy term from the critic loss. Before coming to cube was 4 in rewards. But that was not due
  to results of an action, that was just a constant added. And descending further was not that much greater so
  the policy didnt bother. Now descend near cube will be 0.2 or 0.3 and it will make a big curve to improve
  The critic calibrated but it still was not descending to the band. Because most cases were overshoot into penalties
  and the grasp was too rare to make a change. Now adding an income to be inside the band length so the arm stays 
  there and eventually, it will grasp and get the +1 reward
  It just hacked the reward and stayed idle above the cube again.
  There was a bug with the end pointers in is_gripping and that caused all that issues.
  After 600 iterations, i got the claw almost always touching and sometimes even gripping the cube. There was an 
  issue in is_grasping, it fired on any contact between the fingers and the cube. So now updating it to calculate
  the distance between fingers as well.
